README.md, before:

# Welcome to study2children! 
*Adam Stone, PhD*  
*Research Supervisor: Dr. Rain Bosworth*  
*Mind, Experience, & Perception Lab*  
*University of California, San Diego*  

More coming. 

1. [Importing & Cleaning](01importclean.nb.html) - Weeding out bad kids, bad trials, outliers, etc. 
1. [Basic Eye Gaze](02basiceyegaze.nb.html) - Results for children!
1. [Baby Importing & Cleaning](03importcleanbabies.nb.html) - Babies!!
1. [Baby Basic Eye Gaze](04babybasiceyegaze.nb.html) - Baby results!
1. [All Children's Eye Gaze](05allkidseyegaze.nb.html) - All children's results!
1. [Raw XY Data](06rawxydata.nb.html) - Raw viewing space analysis
1. [SignGestureOriginal](07signgesture_orig.nb.html) - prelim attempt at Rain's SignGesture data
1. [Babies 3 Experiments](08babies3exps.nb.html) - brief attempt at doing 3 baby studies together, quit
1. [Study 2 Babies](09_study2_babies.nb.html) - "Final" analysis plan for babies
1. [Study 2 Children](10_study2_children.nb.html) - "Final" analysis plan for babies

This is the page where we're checking for offsets for each child. 
1. [Two Puppies - For Offsets](twopuppies.nb.html)
1. [PuppiesXY - For XY Data Analysis of Puppies](puppiesXY.nb.html)

Any questions? [Email Adam](mailto:amstone@ucsd.edu)

Commit message:

Produce combined babies/adult FCR chart

README.md, after:

# Welcome to study2children! 
*Adam Stone, PhD*  
*Research Supervisor: Dr. Rain Bosworth*  
*Mind, Experience, & Perception Lab*  
*University of California, San Diego*  

More coming. 

1. [Importing & Cleaning](01importclean.nb.html) - Weeding out bad kids, bad trials, outliers, etc. 
1. [Basic Eye Gaze](02basiceyegaze.nb.html) - Results for children!
1. [Baby Importing & Cleaning](03importcleanbabies.nb.html) - Babies!!
1. [Baby Basic Eye Gaze](04babybasiceyegaze.nb.html) - Baby results!
1. [All Children's Eye Gaze](05allkidseyegaze.nb.html) - All children's results!
1. [Raw XY Data](06rawxydata.nb.html) - Raw viewing space analysis
1. [SignGestureOriginal](07signgesture_orig.nb.html) - prelim attempt at Rain's SignGesture data
1. [Babies 3 Experiments](08babies3exps.nb.html) - brief attempt at doing 3 baby studies together, quit
1. [Study 2 Babies](09_study2_babies.nb.html) - "Final" analysis plan for babies
1. [Study 2 Children](10_study2_children.nb.html) - "Final" analysis plan for babies
1. [Combined Child/Adult FCR Chart](11_combined_fcr_chart.nb.html) - The combined chart of children and adults' FCR. 

This is the page where we're checking for offsets for each child. 
1. [Two Puppies - For Offsets](twopuppies.nb.html)
1. [PuppiesXY - For XY Data Analysis of Puppies](puppiesXY.nb.html)

Any questions? [Email Adam](mailto:amstone@ucsd.edu)
